== Welcome to NewsStand starter kit server application

This Ruby on Rails web-application created according to the Model-View-Control pattern.

This pattern splits the view (also called the presentation) into "dumb"
templates that are primarily responsible for inserting pre-built data in between
HTML tags. The model contains the "smart" domain objects (such as Magazine,
Issue, User) that holds all the business logic and knows how to
persist themselves to a database. The controller handles the incoming requests
(such as Save New Device Token or Update Magazine) by manipulating the model
and directing data to the view.

== Basic structure

Hierarhical Model Structure looks like this
(in app/models/)

-- {User} (the one who administrate all the stuff)

---- {Magazine} (one Magazine is one Application)

------ {Subscription} (subscription options)

------ {PushToken} (saves device_tokens to use it when pushes generated)

------ {Issue} (hold all information about each issue)

-------- {Preview} (hold preview images)

-------- {Content} (hold strings for table of content and pages, where you can find it)

-- {IssueObserver} (listen to Issue creation and on save send push notifications about new content to all PushTokens belonging to this Magazine)


{ApiController} in app/controllers handle part of API requests, other part is handled by default rails controllers according to DRY- & REST-concepts.

For everything else this rails application is pretty much standard.


== Deployment in 5 simple steps

1. You need VPS on ubuntu 10.04 and that makes really easy to deploy.
2. Configure file config/deploy.rb with your preferences of server.
3. Run in console "cap deploy:install" to install all staff app needed
4. Run in console "cap deploy:setup" to setup server and database
5. Run in console "cap deploy:cold" to make an initial install of application

That's all folks